Now before we add more logic let's work on the user interface on what we output.
So here all return a View.
In the end and in that view I want to have a text where I say opponents guess so what the computer guessed.
And then we can reuse that number of container to nicely present that guest number.
So that's a huge advantage of having such reusable components because well you can reuse them I guess.
So that's what we're doing here.
We'll use that number a container again below that opponents guests text here to have our own number
of container and nicely output.
The current guess here current guesses is our state.
Remember that's what we initialize here and what we'll soon be able to change as well.
So that's what's getting output here below that we can now also present maybe our card with two buttons
that allow the user to give the computer a hint.
So here all import card from components card to wrap these buttons in there and therefore we can already
also import button from risk native because we'll need that in a second too.
And then simply have our card here and in that card I want to have a button with a title of lower at
a no button where we say writer These are two directions in which we can give a hint.
So is the number you guessed too low is too high.
Then we can give the computer a hint with these buttons and on press all at the moment just register
an empty function that doesn't do anything that will of course soon change and will effectively generate
a new random number and with that it's now time to add some styles here.
I want to have a style for my overall screen and ask before does we'll get flex one to take all the
available space on the screen below the header which we have at the top.
Add a padding of tend to have some space around the contents so that it doesn't sit directly on the
edges and also use a line items here to center our content horizontally and that screen properties used
on the surrounding view here to add styles screen there so that the content on this overall screen is
nicely positioned now for these buttons it would be nice if they would be sitting next to each other.
So on the card we can add a style maybe use button container as a name here and they offer add that
same name here in our install sheet because that's what we're referring to.
And set the Flex direction here to row and we can set a flex direction here because I'm doing this on
my card.
But if we have a look in that card we distribute these styles on a view and a view uses flex box so
we can set a flex direction here and that's what I'm doing they're setting flex direction to row to
position items next to each other horizontally justified content with space around maybe to have the
free space around the buttons on the left and right equally distributed and also add a margin top of
20 so that this card with our buttons isn't sitting directly next to the guest number but there is some
spacing in between and also maybe give this a width of three hundred and a max width of 80 percent to
make sure that this can never exceed the boundaries of the parent view now if we saved as it would be
nice to see that and for that we need a way of going to the game screen.
Now we're using the start game screen in the app component so we'll have to use the game screen there
as well and manage the selected number in that app component because that's the only component which
is on the screen all the time.
Well besides the header but the app component is also the component which will hold the start game screen
and the game screen soon.
Therefore it is the component where we can all do pass data down to the start games screen and to the
game screen.
So let's import the game screen here from screens game screen and of course I want to render my game
screen here but not if the start game screen is still visible I want to have either of the two and side
note there also is a totally different way of loading different components and we'll dive into debt
in a separate module in a navigation module.
Now whilst we'll cover different navigation solutions later there is a way of rendering either of the
two screens right now.
We also have a way of only rendering one of these two screens right now already and for that we need
no special tool or anything like that.
We can use normal react logic we can render this content conditionally.
All we need to do for dead is we need to manage some state in our app component.
We need to manage the selected number in here as well.
So I'll add use state here and then simply use my state here and initialize this with wealth no value
in the end.
And there I want to get the selected number or the user number and have set user number as updating
function here.
And initially that's undefined.
And now here I need a function where we can change this.
Like start.
Game handler.
That sounds like a fitting name because we'll have such a number if the user presses D start game button
here and you start game screen.
So to start game handler will then get the selected number as input.
That's an assumption we have to make here and set the user number to be that selected number here now
whenever debt is the case whenever we have a user number we know that the game is running and we know
that we can render the game screen instead of the start game screen.
So here we can use content variable for example and say our default content is start.
Game screen.
And that is normal react code as you know it from react for web to you can store components like this
in variables and then simply output the variable down there.
It's also what we already do into start game screen with the confirmed output so start games screen
is our default output.
But now we can add if check and check if content is true ish.
That's what does check checks so it will be false ish initially if it's undefined.
But now if it is true we can set content here was we not content to user numbers so I checked if user
number is true ish.
If that is true ish then we know a number was selected it will be undefined and therefore false initially
but if it is true ish.
If a number was chosen then we'll set the content here to be the game screen and then we render whatever
is in content down there and then we'll be able to game screen or discard game screen.
So now when we click Start Game here with a number chosen this should switch here.
If and that's the important thing.
If we make sure that the start game handler can be triggered from inside the start game screen now for
Dad we use a default react pattern of passing down a reference to his handler to that component maybe
on the on start game prop that sounds like a fitting name to me we forward to start.
Game handler just the reference without parentheses here just a reference a pointer at this function
and on start game is now a property we can use in the start game screen.
So here in the start game screen when we click on the start game button here I want to trigger that
prop in the end.
So here I have on press and they are in the end I want to execute on Star Game and forward the currently
selected number here which is managed in the state of star game screen.
So here I forward this to on start game and on star game is bound to the start game handler which expects
and then receives that selected number.
So that is how we make sure that clicking that button to start game screen triggers this method or does
function here.
And when his function is triggered we set the user number.
This makes sure that content is the game screen and therefore we should be seeing the game screen now
missing piece is that in the game screen I need the user choice to generate my initial random number
and exclude dead users choice correct before that first random number.
And therefore we need to pass a property named user choice down to the game screen so we can add to
user choice prop here and pass user number which is the state we're managing and the app component which
is that selected number we're storing into state here.
Pass that down to the game screen.
So I hope that flow of data is clear we get that selected number from start to game screen when that
button the start game button is pressed.
We then store it in the state of the app component here in the use number of state with the help of
set the user number and we then use the user number to pass it down to the game screen which is only
rendered if we have a user numbers so if the game is running if the game was started so late in the
game screen we can use the user number which is received on the user choice Prop 2 then generate the
new random number which the computer guessed where it is user choice is user number is excluded so that
for the very first computer guests the computer can't instantly guess the user is number a lot of talking
let's save all of that and have a look at it.
Let's enter 55 and confirm and click Start Game and we can find a variable on start game.
So the problem here is that I execute Yeah that should be props on start.
Game here on the start game button into start game component because of course that's a property we're
getting.
It's not a function defined in here.
It's defined on the props.
It's this prop in the end.
So small mistake.
Let's try it again after fixing this.
Start game and that's looking good.
Now we see the opponents.
Guess we can give some hints here.
Which right now have no effect but which soon will have an effect and therefore we're on the next screen
we're in the game screen.
Now let's make sure we actually can give the computer some hints here and make sure that the computer
has a chance of solving this and off guessing our number.